Adding callout that repository is Archived with redirect to PATH (#48)
pokt-network/gateway-server: README.md

<img src="https://github.com/pokt-network/gateway-server/blob/main/docs/resources/gateway-server-logo.jpg" width="500" alt="POKT Gateway Server">
</div>

> > This repository is `Archived`!
> >
> > As of November 13, 2024 this repository is `Archived`. We encourage users to migrate and adopt the [Path API and Toolkit Harness (PATH)](https://github.com/buildwithgrove/path) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️  This repository is `Archived` ⚠️

**Update, November 13, 2024**: *This repository is `Archived` and no longer maintained. We strongly encourage users to migrate and adopt the [Path API and Toolkit Harness (PATH)](https://github.com/buildwithgrove/path).*
```
